feat: must sanitize json payload (#734) (#759)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/json-guidelines.adoc

* contain only {RFC-7493}#section-2.3[unique member names] (no duplicate
  names).

[#250]

> == {MUST} sanitize JSON payloads from critical characters

Author: @tfrauenstein thanks for the review and this inspiring suggestion. I have improved on the ruled. Please re-review.

> While `\xxxx` are valid characters in a JSON string, they can create failures
> when leaving the JSON context, e.g. by writing to a database or piping it
> through tools. While most tools may handle this gracefully, there is at least
> **one known** exception:
> 
> * Postgres cannot handle `\0000` in `jsonb` and `text` types (see
>   https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-json.html[datatype-json]).
> 
> Consequently, services that forwarding JSON content to sensitive tools must
> check their input and reject or sanitize characters not supported by their
> tooling.

Reviewer: Should we write these in actual JSON syntax (`\uxxxx`, `\u0000`)?

```suggestion
While `\uxxxx` are valid characters in a JSON string, they can create failures
when leaving the JSON context, e.g. by writing to a database or piping it
through tools. While most tools may handle this gracefully, there is at least
**one known** exception:

* Postgres cannot handle `\u0000` in `jsonb` and `text` types (see
  https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/datatype-json.html[datatype-json]).

Consequently, services that forwarding JSON content to sensitive tools must
check their input and reject or sanitize characters not supported by their
tooling.
```

Author: Yes, looks like these somehow have been lost.

> tooling.

Reviewer 2: editorial change proposal:

As a consequence, API servers and clients that forward JSON payload content 
to other tools should check that the tools fully support JSON and, if not,
reject or sanitize characters not supported.
